Today, sir told about brute force attack.
A brute force attack is a hacking method that uses trial and error to crack passwords, login credentials, and encryption keys. It is a simple yet reliable tactic for gaining unauthorized access to individual accounts and organizations' systems and network.
Hydra is a tool used to brute force
How to Use Hydra  to Hack Passwords – Penetration Testing Tutorial

Hydra is a brute-forcing tool that helps penetration testers and ethical hackers crack the passwords of network services.
Hydra is also a parallelized login cracker. This means you can have more than one connection in parallel. Unlike in sequential brute-forcing, this reduces the time required to crack a password.

How to Install Hydra
Hydra comes pre-installed with Kali Linux and Parrot OS. So if you are using one of them, you can start working with Hydra right away.

On Ubuntu, you can use the apt package manager to install it:
$ apt install hydra

In Mac, you can find Hydra under Homebrew:
$ brew install hydra

How to Work with Hydra
Let’s look at how to work with Hydra. We will go through the common formats and options that Hydra provides for brute-forcing usernames and passwords. This includes single username/password attacks, password spraying, and dictionary attacks.
If you have installed Hydra, you can start with the help command like this:
Hydra help command
$ hydra -h
This will give you the list of flags and options that you can use as a reference when working with Hydra.

How to Perform a Single Username/Password Attack with Hydra
Let’s start with a simple attack. If we have the username and password that we expect a system to have, we can use Hydra to test it.
Here is the syntax:
$ hydra -l <username> -p <password> <server> <service>
Let’s assume we have a user named “molly” with a password of “butterfly” hosted at 10.10.137.76. Here is how we can use Hydra to test the credentials for SSH:
$ hydra -l molly -p butterfly 10.10.137.76 ssh.

How to Perform a Password Spraying Attack with Hydra
What if we know a password that someone is using, but we are not sure who it is? We can use a password spray attack to determine the username.
A password spray attack is where we use a single password and run it against a number of users. If someone is using the password, Hydra will find the match for us.
This attack assumes we know a list of users in the system. For this example, we will create a file called users.txt with the following users:
root
admin
user
molly
steve
richard
Now we are going to test who has the password “butterfly”. Here is how we can run a password spray attack using Hydra.
$ hydra -L users.txt -p butterfly 10.10.137.76 ssh
